Datadog and Webhook Integration (#455)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-10.mdx

---
title: Changelog | October, 2024
---

> ## Datadog and Webhook Logging Integrations
> 
> **October 15th, 2024**
> 
> Logs for your Prompts, Workflows and Documents can now be streamed to Datadog and Webhook destinations!
> 
> These integrations provide enhanced logging capabilities, allowing you to stream logs to your preferred logging destinations.
> 
> If you'd like to enable these integrations for your Organization, please reach out to us for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Datadog and Webhook Logging Beta Integrations

**October 15th, 2024**

Logs for your Prompts, Workflows and Documents can now be streamed to Datadog and external Webhooks. This is useful if you want deeper insight into key events that happen in Vellum in your external systems. For example, you might set up a Datadog alert that fires when there are multiple subsequent failures when executing a Workflow Deployment.

These integrations are currently in beta. If you'd like to participate in the beta period and want help setting up the integration, please contact Vellum Support.
```
